added links to aid understanding (#231)
KxSystems/docs: docs/kb/multithreaded-input.md

An additional mode exists, designed for serving in-memory static data to an externally constrained number of clients only; it is not intended for use as a gateway, or serving mutable data, or data from disk. Each incoming connection is executed in its own thread, and is unable to update globals – it is purely functional in the sense that the execution of a query should not have side-effects.

> There can be a maximum of 1020 concurrent connections, with each connection requiring a minimum of 64MB, the real amount depending on the working space required by the query being executed. Each connection has its own thread, which is either reading, calculating or writing a response; in addition there is the main thread, which monitors stdin, invokes [`.z.ts`](../ref/dotz.md#zts-timer) on timer expiry and monitors other socket descriptors. (There should not be any). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There can be a maximum of 1020 concurrent connections, with each connection requiring a minimum of 64MB, the real amount depending on the working space required by the query being executed. Each connection has its own thread, which is reading, calculating or writing a response. In addition, there is the main thread, which monitors stdin, invokes [`.z.ts`](../ref/dotz.md#zts-timer) on timer expiry and monitors other socket descriptors. (There should not be any). 
```

> Updates to globals are allowed only if they occur from within [`.z.ts`](../ref/dotz.md#zts-timer), or via a socket listed in [`.z.W`](../ref/dotz.md#zw-handles), and even then they should not be frequent, as these wait for completion of exiting queries, blocking new queries (using multiple-read single-write lock). If an attempt is made to update globals from threads other than main, they should get a `'no update` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates to globals are allowed only if they occur from within [`.z.ts`](../ref/dotz.md#zts-timer), or via a socket listed in [`.z.W`](../ref/dotz.md#zw-handles). Updates should not be frequent, as they wait for completion of exiting queries and block new queries (using multiple-read single-write lock), thus slowing processing speeds. If an attempt is made to update globals from threads other than main, a `'no update` error is issued.
```
